.github/pull_request_template.md, before:

## Motivation

> Describe the motivation for this pull request: why are you making this change, and what result are you looking to achieve?

## Checklist

> Run through the development checklist to ensure that your code is high-quality.

* [ ] Implement a first pass at the user story, so that all functionality is complete (but not quality-assured)
* [ ] Once functionally complete, start to clean your work up
    * [ ] Ensure that any changed scenes have scene hierarchies that still makes sense
    * [ ] Ensure that your project structure still makes sense
    * [ ] Ensure that any source code changes have been reviewed, and that stray logic has been cleaned up
    * [ ] Ensure changed files are formatted with `Control`-`I`

## Testing

> If this pull request implements a user story, include a screen recording as an end-to-end demo of the new functionality.

## What does this pull request do?

> Include the GitHub issue that gets closed if this pull request successfully makes it to the `main` branch. Then describe what the pull request does as a series of bullet points.
>
> If needed, explain your code's structure with [Mermaid diagrams](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-diagrams).

## Thought Exercises

> Reflect on the work that was done, and the work that remains to be done. Ask yourself questions about what could have gone better, and what to work on next.

Commit message:

Update pull request template (#23)
Co-authored-by: Jason Tu <jasont@remarkablefoods.com>

.github/pull_request_template.md, after:

## Motivation

> Describe the motivation for this pull request: why are you making this change, and what result are you looking to achieve?

## Checklist

> Run through the development checklist to ensure that your code is high-quality.

* [ ] Implement a first pass at the user story, so that all functionality is complete (but not quality-assured)
* [ ] Once functionally complete, start to clean your work up
    * [ ] Ensure that any changed scenes have scene hierarchies that still makes sense
    * [ ] Ensure that your project structure still makes sense
    * [ ] Ensure that any source code changes have been reviewed, and that stray logic has been cleaned up
    * [ ] Ensure changed files are formatted with `Control`-`I`

## Testing

> If this pull request implements a user story, include a screen recording as an end-to-end demo of the new functionality.

## What does this pull request do?

> Include the GitHub issue that gets closed if this pull request successfully makes it to the `main` branch. Then describe what the pull request does as a series of bullet points.
>
> If needed, explain your code's structure with [Mermaid diagrams](https://docs.github.com/en/get-started/writing-on-github/working-with-advanced-formatting/creating-diagrams).

## Thought exercises

> Reflect on the work that was done, and the work that remains to be done. Ask yourself questions about what could have gone better, and what to work on next.

## Marketing

> Create a piece of content to market this unit of work as a portfolio piece.
>
> See [Notion](https://www.notion.so/nucleartide/Marketing-Template-7355243fbc9a49438a25384d5421c3f5) for a template.
